Forge Standard Library docs (#207)
foundry-rs/book: src/forge/cheatcodes.md

Most of the time, simply testing your smart contracts outputs isn't enough. To manipulate the state of the blockchain, as well as test for specific reverts and events, Foundry is shipped with a set of cheatcodes.

> Cheatcodes allow you to change the block number, your identity, and more. They are invoked by calling specific functions on a specially designated address: `0x7109709ECfa91a80626fF3989D68f67F5b1DD12D`, often refered to as 'Hevm'.

Reviewer: Leftover from DappTools

```suggestion
Cheatcodes allow you to change the block number, your identity, and more. They are invoked by calling specific functions on a specially designated address: `0x7109709ECfa91a80626fF3989D68f67F5b1DD12D`.
```

> You can access Hevm easily via the `vm` instance available in Forge Standard Library's `Test` (Forge Standard Library is explained in greater detail in the following [section](./forge-std.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access cheatcodes easily via the `vm` instance available in Forge Standard Library's `Test` contract. Forge Standard Library is explained in greater detail in the following [section](./forge-std.md).
```
